---
id: version-2.3-model-12-mapFile
title: MapFile
original_id: model-12-mapFile
---

### What is a MapFile ?

A MapFile is an entity used to store 3D Data. This is basically composed
of a File containing all the 3D data.

### Main Attributes (not exhaustive)

- **id (int)**
- **type (string)**: discriminator field

> Complete list could be found [here](reference-12-mapFile.md)

### Relationships

- **file**: a file containing the 3D Data
- **site**: The site it belong to.

### Specialized Entities

- **\[1 by Site\] MapDae** (type="dae"): this is the reference 3D Model
following the Collada specification. There is one unique by Site.
- **\[Deprecated\] \[0-1 by Site\] MapOsg** (type="osg"): this is the 3D
 Model version for mobile (SDK 3 & 4). This is derived from MapDae and
 will be only generated if the option is enabled in the Studio.
- **\[Deprecated\] \[0-1 by Site\] MapIve** (type="ive"):this is the 3D
Model version for old kiosk (Cpp based). This is derived from MapDae and
 will be only generated if the option is enabled in the Studio.
- **\[0-1 by Site\] MapAoDae** (type="ao_dae"): this is the 3D Model with
ambient occlusion generated following the Collada specification. This is
derived from MapDae and it will be only generated if the option is enabled
in the Studio. As the generation of that file may take up to 2 hours
processing, this may not be available even if the option is enabled. In
that case you would need to fallback to the MapDae [see](https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/23/what-is-ambient-occlusion).
- **\[Deprecated\] \[0-1 by Site\] MapAoOsg** (type="ao_osg"): this is
the 3D Model version for old kiosk (Cpp based). This is derived from
MapAoDae and will be only generated if both “osg” and “ao” is enabled
in the Studio. As the generation of that file is derived from MapAoDae,
this may not be available even if options are enabled. In that case you
 would need to fallback to the MapOsg.
- **\[Deprecated\] \[0-1 by Site\] MapAoIve** (type="ao_ive"): this is
the 3D Model version for old kiosk (Cpp based). This is derived from
MapAoIve and will be only generated if both “ive” and “ao” is enabled
in the Studio. As the generation of that file is derived from MapAoDae,
this may not be available even if options are enabled. In that case you
would need to fallback to the MapIve.
- **\[1 by Site\] MapPath** (type="path"):  this is the entity storing
the Path-Network. The associated file contains the legacy version whereas
 the attribute “paths” contains the new format. The complete specification
 could be found [here]()
- **\[1 by Site\] MapHelper** (type="helper"): this is the meta 3D Model
following the Collada specification. This contains all helpers used to
create the MapDae like the Tracing Template.
- **\[1 by Site\] MapConfig** (type="config"): this is a JSON file
containing the Editor configuration.
- **\[Deprecated\] \[0-1 by Site\] MapLight** (type="light"): this is
the legacy 3D Model version which as been replaced by MapDae.

### Cascade Operations

- Remove the MapFile will:
    - Remove the associated File.
- Update the MapDae file will:
    - Update the MapOsg file is any
    - Update the MapIve file is any
    - Remove the MapAoDae if any (this will be generated by CRON)
    - Remove the MapAoOsg if any (this will be generated by CRON)
    - Remove the MapAoIve if any (this will be generated by CRON)


